Hi everybody. Today, I am going to go ahead
and show you how to install VirtualBox guest
additions on your newly installed Kali machine.
So let's get to it. You can start up from
here. There we go. No need to use the terminal
start it. We already have it installed. So
let's boot it up. I already have my VirtualBox
guest additions installed. The reason why
I installed it before I gave the instructions,
and record it as I actually did the first
time around. Well, I the screen is really
small. It's kinda hard to of squeezed things
in there. I figured I would install it and
expand the screen and then show you in a full-size
screen all the things that you need to do.
I just think that that's a little bit more
efficient for you to be able to see everything,
as opposed to just looking at things on a
really small screen. So let's go ahead and
login. Hopefully you agree with me. There
is nothing different that you need to do.
It's like absolutely the same things. So let's
go ahead and fire up a terminal. Expand it.
I'm going to zoom in so you all can see like
these big, chunky letters. Let's go ahead
and type in "app- get upgrade && app-get upgrade."
I've already done it so it shouldn't be long
for me. It's just going to check. This is
the first thing that you should do, aside
from checking your Internet connection, of
course, with a ping. If the ping is functional,
it's all fine and dandy. Now, the next thing
that you need to do is basically just type
in app – well, let's go ahead and clear
the screen first – "app- cache search header
| grep -i linux." Then type in "uname -r."
Let's match the output of uname -r to these
linuxs headers. We have: 400 Kali1 AMD64,
400 Kali1 all, 400 Kali1 all AMD 64 meta package.
So, we can go with the meta package, or we
can go with the specific one. Let's go with
the meta package. I'm pretty sure that you
will be able to go with both of them.There
we go, press enter. Working, working, working.
Any time now, my good man, any time. I know
it can be a little bit tedious. No big deal.
After you have done all of this, just in case,
repeat this again. app – get update and
app – get upgrade, just in case. You wouldn't
believe how the problems arise from just not
staying up-to-date with packages. Now, reboot
the machine. Just go ahead and reboot it.
No big deal, should be fast and not waste
too much time. Afterwards, we can install
the guest additions, reboot the machine one
more time, and that will be the end of it.
That is literally all that we will need to
do, nothing else. Nothing super important
there. Okay, so go, go, go. These messages
can be a little bit annoying. I think you
can make them go away if you click the other
thing, aside from the X.
So let's go. I hate waiting for these things.
So, next thing you need to go is to click
on devices and say, insert it. So mine is
already inserted. No big deal, but for you
it will insert it. And there's there's no
point to insert twice. I mean, I could technically
remove it and then insert it again. There's
much point in doing that. So just go ahead
and do this: see the media CD-ROM0, then LS
and there you go. Then, cp VboxLinuxadditions.run
/root/desktop. I already have them there,
but you will be able to copy them. I'm not
going to copy them twice. That was the command
that you needed to run. Then go over to here,
cd root/desktop. Then type, ls. You will see
VirtualBox guest additions. Here, I can run
them one more time. No big deal. It's going.
The installation is going go forward. It shouldn't
take too long. Again, I know, I know it's
a little bit tedious to just wait through
these things, but hey. Okay, building. The
headers for the current kernel were not found.
Okay, so yeah, these things can happen. But
no big deal. It should still run the whole
process. You will have like 99% of all the
functionalities here that you will be able
to utilize any way you choose. Please, as
long as full-screen works, the connection
works, and copy-paste works, you are good
to go. Okay, so there you go. That is all
you needed to do. Now all you need to type
in is reboot. Upon reboot, you will be able
to use your VirtualBox with full screen and
pretty much all the functionalities that it
has to offer. By the way, at the end of this,
I really did not expect things to work out
with Fedora 22, Kali 20 or with the new VirtualBox.
This is because all three of those systems
are practically brand new. Things with systems
that are brand-new tend to be buggy, problematic
and so on and so forth. So, I really didn't
expect things to work out, but for the most
part they did. Anyway, I hope this was first
useful tool if you were struggling with the
setup. I bid you all farewell.